add new logo and update applications (#851)
TRIQS/triqs: doc/applications.rst

*Homepage:* `<https://triqs.github.io/hubbardI/>`_

**Hartree Fock solver**
-------------------------------

> This solver uses either the Hartree or Hartree Fock approximation to
> solve the quantum impurity problem, i.e. in a static mean field. The
> solver uses gradient descent to find the optimal solution for a given
> occupation. An in-build lattice solver option solves a lattice problem 
> with local interaction directly for given chemical potential or 
> particle number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This solver calculates the self-consistent Hartree or Hartree Fock approximation for
a given quantum impurity or lattice problem. It uses gradient descent to solve the
self-consistency at fixed density or chemical potential. The solver is limited to
static and local interactions.
```
